okay what we have here is a 1967 327
Camaro it's got matching numbers the
heads on it our t0 80 mm adds beautiful
condition no rot spend totally restored
it has a 350 turbo tranny okay here's
engine compartment this has a mild
street cam in it it's it's doing
probably about 550 horsepower it's in
great shape and you're not going to find
a better one in a better condition than
this it's not a stock color I picked the
color because i like the royal blue but
uh as you can see here's the trunk
everything's solid some gorgeous
condition there's no ride on the car
anywhere the interiors brand new it's
got a three-speed automatic and that's
about it let's see if I can get some
headliner shots here trannies brand new
and it we had a stall converter put in
new clutches it's got a tranny cooler
built into it and it's a beautiful car
let me stop back here and get a faraway
shot
what you shut the doors Mac okay we can
get a shot with the door shot and close
the hood up it's got the cowl induction
hood and that pretty stunning car this
is the first year Camaro came out and a
very hot item so if you're interested
you can call my treat 704 area code 58
57 04 04 09 and give me a buzz and we
can talk shop there you have it okay
thank you okay very nice we'll come on
up here I like getting some of these out
finer details in here because this is
really nice and get a nice view of this
this really nice paint job give them the
letters in rows yeah do a little more
phone since we got 10 minutes would you
two would take a little more time here
detection bars on it it's got a temp
bolt posi okay
I like a nice windshield maybe that's
not something you notice but I notice
I'm not a car collector but it's real
nice
this motor after it's been rebuilt has
about 3,500 miles on it all right let's
get in here I got my light on how many
miles would you say after with a motor
was rebuilt 35 35 hundred and I taught
me about the shifter in here again it's
a three-speed shifter okay attic
three-speed her shift or automatic yeah
and this is all new trim yeah we will
fire it up let me just go around the
back here we're going to get a little
more detail then I'm going to have you
fired up so let's get let's get these
back tail lights get a little bit of
that oh she's cleaning straight now
that's what I like
and we put all those sway bars and
springs bushings wheel bearings mm-hmm
5,000 another carriage floorboards are
all the original except for the driver's
side that was cut out in a place like
that even the rubber is really nice look
how nice that s I really look like a
couple pieces of trim yep here and there
but overall it's in great shape very
clean straight card yep and you got the
original radio I think no there's no
real okay no radio okay okay well that's
it we're going to start it up so